## Multi-Agent Trajectory Planning using Modular Bayesian Optimization

EECE 5550 Final Project: Implemented the modular BayesOpt method from the paper G. Ryou, E. Tal, and S. Karaman, “Cooperative multi-agent trajectory generation with modular bayesian optimization,” 2022. https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.00726

Abstract: We aim to evaluate a modular Bayesian optimization framework for efficiently generating time-optimal trajectories for cooperative multi-agent systems. The proposed algorithm uses a Bayesian optimization model containing multiple Gaussian process surrogate models, which model the agent’s dynamic feasibility and collision avoidance constraints. Our implementation adapts an existing multi-fidelity approach of Bayesian optimization on a single drone, to a multi-drone single-fidelity case. We also simplify the problem to 2 drones with a reduced number of polytopes and waypoints to save on compute resources and evaluate results. We show that the modular Bayesian optimization framework does indeed generate timeoptimal trajectories for 2 drones that avoid collisions and obstacles. However, the algorithms’ quick generation of timeoptimal trajectories are offset by the expensive optimization time needed to generate the initial dataset for the Bayesian optimization framework. More specifically the initial datasets took over 4 hours to generate for each drone, while the Bayesian optimization algorithm took a couple of minutes to execute. Thus, we believe that the Bayesian optimization algorithm is indeed a faster way to generate trajectories quickly, but at the expense of initial dataset generation time. A link to our Github repository can be found here: github.com/rachel-lim/multi-agent-bayes-opt

[Full report](/pdf/eece5550report.pdf)